The Ember Times No. 147 - May 8th 2020 (#635)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-05-08-the-ember-times-issue-147.md

The blog post goes through an in-depth analysis of the programming models between Ember and React including how they handle derived values and state, lifecycle hooks or methods to handle scheduling, and handling user interaction.

Check out the [takeaways](https://www.pzuraq.com/comparing-ember-octane-and-react/) from this comparison in the full blog post!

---

## [Auto save en Ember Octane 💾](https://betocantu93.com/autosave-in-ember-octane/)

[Alberto Cantú (@betocantu93)](https://github.com/betocantu93), in his first blog post in Spanish, explores [how to implement autosave in Ember](https://betocantu93.com/autosave-in-ember-octane/). We encourage you to check it out! Alberto starts with a basic form with a submit button, then introduces autosave and addresses potential problems using `ember-concurrency`.

Do you follow a similar pattern or have another approach to autosaving your user's form? Share your ideas with the JS community today!

---

## [Embroider & memoization RFCs entered final comment period 💬](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/507)

> In case you missed, the RFCs for [Embroider](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/507) and [memoizing tracked properties](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/615) entered their final comment period (FCP) on May 1.

Reviewer: I corrected what is memoized (didn't read the RFC carefully).

```suggestion
In case you missed, the RFCs for [Embroider](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/507) and [memoizing functions](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/615) entered their final comment period (FCP) on May 1.
```
